doc: de-emphasize wrapping in napi_define_class (#36159)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

```

* `[in] env`: The environment that the API is invoked under.
* `[in] utf8name`: Name of the JavaScript constructor function; When wrapping a

>   C++ class it is recommended for clarity that this name be the same as that of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  C++ class, we recommend for clarity that this name be the same as that of
```

Returns `napi_ok` if the API succeeded.

Defines a JavaScript class, including:

* A JavaScript constructor function that has the class name. When wrapping a

>   corresponding C++ class, the callback passed via `constructor` may be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  corresponding C++ class, the callback passed via `constructor` can be used to
```

>   instantiate a new C++ class instance, which can then be placed "inside" the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instantiate a new C++ class instance, which can then be placed inside the
```

  JavaScript object instance being constructed using [`napi_wrap`][].
* Properties on the constructor function whose implementation can call
  corresponding _static_ data properties, accessors, and methods of the C++
  class (defined by property descriptors with the `napi_static` attribute).
* Properties on the constructor function's `prototype` object. When wrapping a
  C++ class, _non-static_ data properties, accessors, and methods of the C++
  class can be called from the static functions given in the property
  descriptors without the `napi_static` attribute after retrieving the C++ class

>   instance placed "inside" the JavaScript object instance by using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  instance placed inside the JavaScript object instance by using
```
